Fix resource-tracker measurement names, loop resolution, and qnode marking (#2695)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

* Fixed incorrect measurement names and missing loop/subroutine resource counts in the

>   `resource-tracker` MLIR pass used by :func:`~pennylane.specs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed incorrect measurement names and missing loop/subroutine resource counts in the
  `resource-tracker` MLIR pass.
```

Since these are just changes to the pass itself, we can avoid mentioning specs directly
